[Music]
good morning can you hear us
[Applause]
good morning everybody
looks like you're set up a good policy
that would you like to meet some
residents please this is James our
youngest one years young Jones I hear
you're one of the fittest 101 year-olds
in the country he doesn't use the lifts
he walks up and down the stairs all the
time is that his secret gene I think and
Charles you you were a coder like a
decipher were you in surprise of all yes
operations no choose to send messages to
him some special people didn't yes who
are you sending messages to the most
important was Winston Churchill no
really
because chose you know I Catherine's
grandmother was a Bletchley yes it's so
sad it's not not here today I'd love to
speak some more about it how are you
both hoping with with long time and
everything is it being I think you're
all looking lockdown together on you yes
we're all in lockdown together better
we're lucky with one of the homes that
haven't got the dreaded Co mid-nineteen
it must be really hard not being able to
see your families that I imagine that's
been very difficult for all of you
well I talked to my daughter cuz she
lives in Canada on FaceTime and she said
oh please say hi to them we'll say hi
back as well and do you both remember VE
Day do you remember ish is it something
that that stuck with you all these years
well I was very small at the time but I
can remember the street party the whole
of the street and the one big table and
we all learned you know how to party I
can remember that this we really Greece
at the time and I had to go around early
in the morning with realm
I bet you the you the hero at the time
their shots delivering rum max everybody
yes
well the children currently and the
school just set all the children are
challenged and they're currently trying
to learn the lyrics and the song to the
will meet again hopefully putting that
all together so it's you're really
lovely having that playing every day
well it's been a real pleasure to speak
to you both and enjoy today and because
we can't be together everyone's still
thinking of you all today and I'm very
proud of everything you and here's to
more of our residents James and Thelma
wait how you finding things obviously
it's really hard with them lockdown and
everything but how are you both and how
are you managing we have many things
very well off we got it looks like
seasonality we've done a great job James
we Brian saying did you witness the
conforming in London in the Blitz
did you far watch you know it's about
seventeen and the bomb burst but roads
lead bushes I took the bomb was Hospital
freedom it wasn't bad anyway he got back
my partner that's it we go back to
London we moved in on the Saturday
afternoon and we were bombed out on the
same shaft you know I'm finding my
father we were cowards children God and
she said give me a copy woman she's a
newbie bloody book shoulda stayed in
bomber
[Laughter]
George is just starting to learn about
the Second World War and things like
that as well he would be really honored
to come and speak to you so maybe
another time George couldn't have a
quick chat with you he'd be lovely once
yes we've won victory over coronavirus
oh cheese day exactly I agree
Susan a quickie just say a massive well
done senior team for you know not only
putting on today but also managing
everything so well with what's going on
hold on if we're in it together it'll
carry on fighting it together
yeah and enjoy your celebrations today
bye everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
you